We knock at 221B Baker Street, and to our greatest surprise, Holmes himself answers the door. “Ah, you arrive at the best possible moment: you are expected in the kitchen. I'll be fair play, Wiggins, I'll let you get a head start to solve this case which, on the whole, is rather banal…" 
We hear Watson's wrathful voice coming from the kitchen: “None of this is a game, you can't leave like this!" 
“Watch me!" replies a jolly Holmes, going down the few stairs separating him from the street, leaving us alone on the door step. After a brief hesitation, we go to the kitchen where Watson is trying to comfort his landlady, Mrs Hudson. 
“Oh! Poor, poor Charly! Feeling so lonely and abandoned. What monster could have done that?" moans Mrs Hudson. 
“Can you tell your story again, for our friends here? Start from the beginning," says Watson, bidding us to take a seat. 
Mrs Hudson nods. “A friend of mine, Yvonne Nance, came by today to ask for help. She lives in a flat not far from here, in a building located on North Audley Street, ground floor, and is very attached to our neighbourhood. She took yesterday one of her regular walks in Hyde Park with Charly, skirting Park Lane then Bayswater, to reach the Tyburn Tree she loves so much. Charly then disappeared in the bushes... He's only eight, he couldn't have gone far. On returning home, she had this message: 

She hands over a small note that reads. “Don't worry for Charly! He will soon be back!"

“She alerted her nephew – he is a reporter at the Times and bound to know everything that's going on. She even alerted Scotland Yard who told her not to bother them for so little." 
“The police didn't care?" asks Wiggins, raising his eyebrows. 
“Ah! At last someone understanding. Of course, with a collar bearing his name and address, it shouldn't take long before he reappears, but this message, odd, isn't it?" 
“A collar?" asks Wiggins somewhat disturbed. 
“Yes, delightfully matching his German Spitz hair. He is rather communicative and never leaves Yvonne especially since her poor husband died: he is a good watchdog, and besides her nephew, he is the only family she has." 
“We'll take it from there," says Wiggins, leaving the room. Once out in the street, we see Holmes on the other side holding a bunch of violets going towards the butcher's, light-hearted.